Life's misfortunes, perhaps, come from being born in a time of chaos.
Wars were raging everywhere in the world. China, where I was born, was behind its time because it adopted closing off from the outside influences for a long time. Other countries occupied a large portion of China's territories, and domestic demonstrations were commonplace.
My name is Jin Hongyan. I'm an ordinary medical student living in Nanjing.
My father fell ill and passed away before I turned 20, but that is not the sole reason for pursuing medicine - I just didn't know what to choose, at all. Going down the medical path felt like a safe choice because I could support myself as a doctor.
I wanted to get married more than I wanted to be a doctor.
Li Xiaolan is my fiancé. He's in grades above me and studies liberal arts.
The first time I saw him, he was playing the piano, and he had his back to me. As I listened to his beautiful music, I fell in love right away. He turned to me when he finished playing and asked for my name. That's how our story began. Later, he told me he liked me, and we got engaged not long after we started dating.
But my fiancé's mother didn't like me. Li Xiaolan tried his best to ensure I was on good terms with his mother. I was cautious in maintaining my image as an exceptional student and hoped to get married after graduation.
Patriotism ran through Li Xiaolan's blood. He belonged to several college associations and had contacts abroad. China's future weighed heavy on his mind. Perhaps this led to the tragedy that followed?
---

One evening, Li Xiaolan came to my home and said he had something important to discuss with me.
He was carrying a stack of letters from a friend in Japan.
The college invited a prominent individual to lecture at our school tomorrow. According to the letters, the guest was planning a revolution. While the guest was fundraising in Japan, he promised to return to Manchuria once the revolution succeeded.
Li Xiaolan wanted me to question the guest during the speech. He would've himself, but he thought I was more eloquent. He also thought that the guest wouldn't have his guard up with a pretty girl.
I was concerned because he was the school's distinguished guest. What if I got disciplined for criticizing him publically? Li Xiaolan's mother already disliked me. We couldn't get married if our college took disciplinary action.
Li Xiaolan comforted me that no matter what happened, he would marry me. I just needed to play my part tomorrow.
After giving it a lot of thought, I agreed.
---

I don't remember much about that day.
Li Xiaolan sat to my left in the auditorium. At the end of the guest's speech, I raised my hand to speak and spoke vehemently about his traitorous behavior. A shot was fired behind me. In an instant, Li Xiaolan shielded me with his body - the bullet shot through his left eye. The auditorium was in chaos.
The guest's bodyguard is the one who fired. He was aiming at me.
My brain went blank as blood splattered all over me. Li Xiaolan saved my life and he died - it was all because of my speech.
---

What happened that day was kept quiet. The bodyguard was punished, and the family didn't press charges. But Li Xiaolan's mother believed I was to blame for her son's death.
Heavy with grief and remorse, my grades began to slip. Some teachers were unforgiving, and most of my classmates stopped talking to me. In the end, I didn't qualify for a scholarship anymore. My mother couldn't afford the tuition with my young brother still needing care.
Li Xiaolan used to take me to a tailor's shop to buy clothes. I heard the shop was looking for an apprentice, and it seemed a more viable option than continuing my degree. I planned to drop out of college. 
After learning my plans, one of my classmates offered to help with my tuition fee. I naively agreed.
With the money, came endless courting.
I was still in love with Li Xiaolan. But after rejecting my classmate countless times, I finally caved in. And that was the beginning of another tragedy.
He was from the south. One day a girl ran up to me and said she was his fiancée. She asked why he backed out of the engagement.
Seeing a chance to break up with him, I talked with her and explained what had happened. I told her that my classmate would understand if she expressed her true feelings.
Afterwards,her body was found in the school lake.
She committed suicide. 
---

I didn't know if they ever talked, but she killed herself after our conversation.
Two people on this campus died because of me.
I wanted to break up, yet the effort was in vain. It was as if some force was supporting my classmate. Nothing would convince him.
Soon the revolution broke out, and our school closed. My classmate said he would take me to his hometown.
I didn' want to go but it was I didn't want to go. My opinion didn't matter.. My mother also came to send me off. My mother and brother still depended on him for support, so I agreed to go.
We stayed in a double room on the second floor, passing through Shanghai.
We weren't married yet, but he wanted sex already.
I tried to push him away, but I was too weak against him. He forced himself on me.
Then something unexpected happened.
A horrifying dream came to me: the room was in flames, and I was lying on the bed. Li Xiaolan looked at me helplessly, desperately.
My brain felt an excruciating pain after I woke up. Looking at the darkness in front of me, I knew that Li Xiaolan's soul was there. And he just saw me have sex with another man.
Souls lingered after death, Li Xiaolan still cared about me. I still loved him too, but I betrayed him. I couldn't forgive myself; my heart and brain ached.
While my classmate was asleep, I left the bed, opened the window, and jumped out with my bare feet.
I kept walking for a long time until I came to the river. Maybe my soul could be with Li Xiaolan's after I died? With this thought running through my mind, I jumped.
Committing suicide was the wrong choice. Drowning was so painful that I lost consciousness.
---

I didn't die like I'd planned because someone rescued me from the water.
But my rescuer was no charitable man. He sold me to a brothel.
Beatings, abuse... After being subjected to all kinds of cruelty, I got narcolepsy.
In my dreams, I could see Li Xiaolan, and he told me I couldn't die. The brothel would seize my soul if I died there. He'd find a way to get me out.
The girl staying in the same room also told me that I couldn't die. The more I was abused the more I had to live. She taught me to sing, dance, and play musical instruments when I managed to stay awake. She showed me how to survive in the brothel.
People from the Shanghai branch of the South Manchurian Railway Company came often. Since I was the only one who spoke Japanese in the brothel, I became the interpreter for the girls and the Japanese officials. When I talked about myself at the table, they all knew that I wanted to get out.
But how?
In the summer of 1919, I was fan dancing on the stage when my fan accidentally flew out and hit a man. A Japanese man. I apologized immediately. But his friend wouldn't let it go easily and asked me to play chess with him. At first, I didn't want to, but he promised to grant me a wish if I won.
And I won, so I said I wanted to leave the brothel.
The man's name was Kaede Haruki, and he was the chief of the South Manchurian Railway's East Asia Economic Investigation Bureau. Normally based in Japan, he came to Shanghai to visit his friend. He kept his promise and paid my ransom.  
For the first time in seven years, I stepped out of the brothel.
After that, I followed Mr. Kaede on the cruise to Japan. I was so excited that I couldn't fall asleep. Two shooting stars flew across the sky, and I made my wishes: I wished I could survive by myself and that China and Japan could be on peaceful terms.
---

When we arrived in the suburbs of Tokyo, Mr. Kaede found a wealthy farmer friend to adopt me. I was given a new name: Hayashiya Yurika.
Everyone in my adoptive family treated me well, especially my new sister, who always cared for me. My Japanese wasn't fluent, so my adoptive father sent me to school. My narcolepsy gradually left me. After graduation, I got a job at a café in town.
My life was happy for four years.
The Great Kanto Earthquake left my adoptive father died, the café closed down, and Japan was in a depression. In the end, I still got married.
---

The life of a housewife was simple, and I liked reading the newspaper to pass the time.
A few years later, there was a political coup in Japan. Mr. Kaede was involved. The public demanded light sentences for the perpetrators. Mr. Kaede didn't kill anyone. He should be fine. Right? When I learned he only received a short time in jail, I felt relieved.
I couldn't help but think of the speech I once made in the school auditorium and thought it was best not to get involved in politics.
But I still enjoyed reading the newspaper and couldn't ignore what was happening around me.
Mr. Kaede was fine, so I didn't think much about the rest.
After a few more years, Japan sent troops to China. The wishes I made on the shooting stars didn't come true afterall.
There was a war crazy in the air. I couldn't afford to start an anti-war petition. No one would support me, and I might get in trouble like before.
If I did nothing, at least I wouldn't make a mistake. It was enough to keep living as an ordinary housewife.
---

The war dragged on for a long time, and life only became more difficult as each day passed.
Finally, the war ended, leaving endless death and hatred in its wake. The aftermath had only just begun.
I didn't expect Mr. Kaede would be prosecuted as a Class A war criminal.
He'd written many books, but I never read much. When the war started, he was in prison. I didn't know why he was prosecuted.
At the time, I thought Mr. Kaede would be hanged. Could we petition again? Japan was a defeated country, what it thought didn't matter. Although I'm Chinese, that part of my identity was long gone, not to mention any political influence at all.
When I was in trouble it was Mr. Kaede who saved me. But now he needed help, I was a housewife with no power whatsoever.
I wanted to go to the Far Eastern Court but my family was against it. Suffering from insomnia, I was unable to accept that Mr. Kaede would be hanged.
The night before the trial, I walked out of my house and ran with no aim in mind. Walking to the Far Eastern Court was impossible. I didn't know how long I had been walking but I couldn't hold on any longer. Climbing up a lighthouse-like building, I shouted Mr. Kaede's name into the night sky. Then my narcolepsy kicked in.
---

My soul left my body and turned into a bird.
Soaring across the sky and towards the light in the distance, I soon flew to where Mr. Kaede was.
Powerful resentment turned into a nightmare and dragged Mr. Kaede into sleep paralysis.
The endless water was the destined enchantment from the bottom of my soul.
I locked Mr. Kaede's soul in the nightmare, in the water.
Hopefully, no one would be able to wake him up at dawn for court.
…
However, the narcoleptic hypnosis failed, and Mr. Kaede's physical body still woke up.
His soul was still locked in the enchantment of my nightmare.
I desperately took over his physical body and walked to court...
---

When I woke up, it was already dark. A whole day had passed. I slept for so long. It felt like I had dreams of Mr. Kaede.
My sister and brother-in-law were by my side. They spent a long time searching for me. 
Looking at my sister and brother-in-law, I felt so guilty, but I didn't know what to do. I couldn't even apologize.
When I thought about it, I didn't thank Mr. Kaede either - it was not the type of personal debt that could be repaid with words.
Afterward, I was relieved to hear Mr. Kaede had been transferred to the hospital after a mental breakdown in court. Not all of the Class-A war criminals had been executed.
I was still too naive.
Even though Mr. Kaede wasn’t sentenced to prison, would the victims, the plaintiffs' souls let Mr. Kaede go silently into the night?
---

Afterword:
This short story comes from my bipolar disorder episodes. I've suffered from frequent sleep paralysis since I was a child. In March 2013, I had recurring dreams of the sunset. I never had those dreams again in late April after an online friend passed away due to Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. My bipolar disorder originated from this tragic occurrence. Now I'm on haloperidol to stabilize my body, and I am in good health. Hopefully, I won't have any episodes in the future and can make some money by making video games. I want to live the rest of my life peacefully.
